Fix a few typos (#4471)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/ai-ml/guide/azure-openai-gateway-multi-backend-content.md

In this topology, Azure API Management is used specifically for the gateway technology. Here, API Management is deployed into a single region. From that gateway instance, you perform active-active load balancing across regions. The policies in your gateway reference all Azure OpenAI instances. The gateway requires network line of sight to each back end across regions, either through cross-region virtual network peering or private endpoints. Calls from this gateway to an Azure OpenAI instance in another region incur more network latency and egress charges.

> Your gateway must honor throttling and availability signals from the Azure OpenAI instances and remove faulted back ends from the pool until safe to read the faulted or throttled Azure OpenAI instance. The gateway should retry the current request against another back-end instance in the pool upon fault, before falling back to returning a gateway error. The gateway's health check should signal unhealthy when no back-end Azure OpenAI instances are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your gateway must honor throttling and availability signals from the Azure OpenAI instances and remove faulted back ends from the pool until safe to re-add the faulted or throttled Azure OpenAI instance. The gateway should retry the current request against another back-end instance in the pool upon fault, before falling back to returning a gateway error. The gateway's health check should signal unhealthy when no back-end Azure OpenAI instances are available.
```
